Add rules announcement email (#9)
srobo/team-emails: SR2019/2018-11-13-rules-announce.md

---
to: Student Robotics 2019

> subject: Rules for SR2019 released

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subject: Rules for SR2019 published
```

---

Hi all,

> It's with great pleasure we're publishing the rulebook for Student Robotics 2019. We announced the game at [kickstart](https://www.studentrobotics.org/2018-11-12-sr2019-rules-released/), and gave you an insight into the rules, but the rulebook formalises and documents them for all to see.

Reviewer: The url to the post has changed -- I think it should now be:
```suggestion
It's with great pleasure we're publishing the rulebook for Student Robotics 2019. We announced the game at [kickstart](https://studentrobotics.org/news/2018-11-13-sr2019-rules-published/), and gave you an insight into the rules, but the rulebook formalises and documents them for all to see.
```

Our game this year is called Caldera in which teams need to claim the most zones by placing more of their tokens than the other robots within the zone boundaries.

[Download the rules](https://studentrobotics.org/docs/rules/)

> If you have any questions about the rules, please [post on our forums](https://www.studentrobotics.org/forum/).

Reviewer: Minor: our website redirects to remove `www.`, so we can save visitors a redirect by doing that here too:
```suggestion
If you have any questions about the rules, please [post on our forums](https://studentrobotics.org/forum/).
```

> If you have any questions about the rules, please [post on our forums](https://www.studentrobotics.org/forum/) (which will be live very soon!).

Reviewer: The forums will be live before we ship things.

---
to: Student Robotics 2019
subject: Rules for SR2019 published
---

Hi all,

It's with great pleasure we're publishing the rulebook for Student Robotics 2019. We announced the game at [kickstart](https://studentrobotics.org/news/2018-11-14-sr2019-rules-published/), and gave you an insight into the rules, but the rulebook formalises and documents them for all to see. This rulebook has some notable changes compared to what was announced at kickstart:

- The height of the volcano is now 75mm

> Our game this year is called Caldera in which teams need to claim the most zones by placing more of their tokens than the other robots within the zone boundaries.

Reviewer: Minor: maybe also steal Antoine's framing for this too:
```suggestion
Our game this year, Caldera, challenges teams to control scoring zones with tokens while navigating an arena with raised platforms.
```
